== 1.2.1 / 2013-02-09

* Bugs Fixed:
  * As seen in https://github.com/rspec/rspec-expectations/pull/200, the
    release of Diff::LCS 1.2 introduced an unnecessary public API change to
    Diff::LCS::Hunk (see the change at
    https://github.com/rspec/rspec-expectations/commit/3d6fc82c for details).
    The new method name (and behaviour) is more correct, but I should not have
    renamed the function or should have at least provided an alias. This
    release restores Diff::LCS::Hunk#unshift as an alias to
    #merge. Note that the old #unshift behaviour was incorrect and will not be
    restored.

== 1.2.0 / 2013-01-21
* Minor Enhancements:
  * Added special case handling for Diff::LCS.patch so that it handles patches
    that are empty or contain no changes.
  * Added two new methods (#patch\_me and #unpatch\_me) to the includable
    module.
* Bugs Fixed:
  * Fixed issue #1 patch direction detection.
    https://github.com/halostatue/diff-lcs/issues/1
  * Resolved issue #2 by handling string[string.size, 1] properly (it returns
    "" not nil). https://github.com/halostatue/diff-lcs/issues/2
  * Michael Granger (ged) fixed an implementation error in Diff::LCS::Change
    and added specs in pull request #8. Thanks!
    https://github.com/halostatue/diff-lcs/issues/8
  * Made the code auto-testable.
  * Vít Ondruch (voxik) provided the latest version of the GPL2 license file in
    pull request #10. Thanks! https://github.com/halostatue/diff-lcs/issues/10
  * Fixed a documentation issue with the includable versions of #patch! and
    #unpatch! where they implied that they would replace the original value.
    Given that Diff::LCS.patch always returns a copy, the documentation was
    incorrect and has been corrected. To provide the behaviour that was
    originally documented, two new methods were added to provide this
    behaviour. Found by scooter-dangle in issue #12. Thanks!
    https://github.com/halostatue/diff-lcs/issues/12
* Code Style Changes:
  * Removed trailing spaces.
  * Calling class methods using '.' instead of '::'.
  * Vít Ondruch (voxik) removed unnecessary shebangs in pull request #9.
    Thanks! https://github.com/halostatue/diff-lcs/issues/9
  * Kenichi Kamiya (kachick) removed some warnings of an unused variable in
    lucky pull request #13. https://github.com/halostatue/diff-lcs/issues/13
    Thanks!
  * Embarked on a major refactoring to make the files a little more manageable
    and understand the code on a deeper level.
  * Adding to http://travis-ci.org.

== 1.1.3 / 2011-08-27
* Converted to 'hoe' for release.
* Converted tests to RSpec 2.
* Extracted the body of htmldiff into a class available from
  diff/lcs/htmldiff.
* Migrated development and issue tracking to GitHub.
* Bugs fixed:
  - Eliminated the explicit use of RubyGems in both bin/htmldiff and bin/ldiff.
    Resolves issue 4 (https://github.com/halostatue/diff-lcs/issues/4).
  - Eliminated Ruby warnings. Resolves issue 3
    (https://github.com/halostatue/diff-lcs/issues/3).

== 1.1.2 / 2004-10-20
* Fixed a problem reported by Mauricio Fernandez in htmldiff.

== 1.1.1 / 2004-09-25
* Fixed bug #891:
  http://rubyforge.org/tracker/?func=detail&atid=407&aid=891&group_id=84
* Fixed a problem with callback initialisation code (it assumed that all
  callbacks passed as classes can be initialised; now, it rescues
  NoMethodError in the event of private :new being called).
* Modified the non-initialisable callbacks to have a private #new method.
* Moved ldiff core code to Diff::LCS::Ldiff (diff/lcs/ldiff.rb).

== 1.1.0 / -
* Eliminated the need for Diff::LCS::Event and removed it.
* Added a contextual diff callback, Diff::LCS::ContextDiffCallback.
* Implemented patching/unpatching for standard Diff callback output formats
  with both #diff and #sdiff.
* Extensive documentation changes.

== 1.0.4 / -
* Fixed a problem with bin/ldiff output, especially for unified format.
  Newlines that should have been present weren't.
* Changed the .tar.gz installer to generate Windows batch files if ones do not
  exist already. Removed the existing batch files as they didn't work.

== 1.0.3 / -
* Fixed a problem with #traverse\_sequences where the first difference from the
  left sequence might not be appropriately captured.

== 1.0.2 / -
* Fixed an issue with ldiff not working because actions were changed from
  symbols to strings.

== 1.0.1 / -
* Minor modifications to the gemspec, the README.
* Renamed the diff program to ldiff (as well as the companion batch file) so as
  to not collide with the standard diff program.
* Fixed issues with RubyGems. Requires RubyGems > 0.6.1 or >= 0.6.1 with the
  latest CVS version.

== 1.0 / -
* Initial release based mostly on Perl's Algorithm::Diff.
